Go must go
Master Lin warmly invited why not go
Xiao Chen, that's an engagement party
Are you trying to push me to another man?
Qin Xu, we'll know soon
You are ashamed to be filial piety
You don't have the qualifications to fight with me
For the sake of your obedience
I won't tell you
In advance, he will agree again.
Who will promise tomorrow?
There is still room for you to return to the Liu family tomorrow
Mom, I don't, I promise for Qingxue, oops.
I really don't understand your dad
This kid was still spraying feces just now
And now all of a sudden you're so outspoken
Then Ben will give you a chance.
Let you go to the engagement party
Just let you eat and drink there
Don't throw that thing away
You probably haven't eaten it in your life.
You won't have this chance in the future
Lin Shao is really generous
Can you let this trash go to Tiangong Hotel?
That is the top hotel in Yuncheng
It is the only seven-star hotel in Yuncheng
They are all the top business celebrities
Waste is not quick to kneel down
Sherin Shaudan likes to kneel so much
Let you kneel for me
You, you, get out of here, Feng, don't worry about this trash
He's just a jumping clown
Please select Tiangong Hotel in three days.
You and I are destined to see each other for three lifetimes
Hahaha, Lishang, go slowly, hahaha.
Xiao Chen, what the hell are you doing?
Qin Xue, three days later, I was also at the Shenzhen Hotel
I have a big surprise for you
Hey, big brother, hey, okay, okay.
I'll be right back, okay, okay, oops
Nice
What's the matter, big brother called and said let's go back?
Discuss returning to the family, you hahaha
That's fine.
This, this, this Lin Shang is really a blessing to our family
Like this just finished talking about the engagement party
We can return to the Liu family, hahaha.
It can't be delayed.
Let's get going.
Take a coat and I'll know
Go go go